Update README upon 3.10 release (#4)
RasaHQ/codespaces-quickstart: README.md

     GitHub will show a notification, click on the green button to view the inspector where you can chat with your assistant.

6. **Run Custom Actions:**

>    If your bot uses custom actions, you can directly execute them on the Rasa Pro server. To do this, update your `endpoints.yml` file::

Reviewer: this shouldn't be necessary, right? bc if they've followed the instructions to this point and run `rasa init --template tutorial`, this is already what their endpoints.yml will look like.

Author: I see, so this repo can't be used with any other assistant project other than the tutorial? I would amend to say `double-check your endpoints contains...`.

Reviewer: yep I think that approach makes sense.

>    If your bot uses custom actions, you can directly execute them on the Rasa Pro server. To do this, double-check that your `endpoints.yml` file contains the following configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In Rasa 3.10 and later, custom actions are automatically run as part of your running assistant. To double-check that this is set up correctly, ensure that your `endpoints.yml` file contains the following configuration:
```
